standby and they're off
rating in the King George the sixth and
Queen Elizabeth Diamond states and
cheering mix his head straight into the
lead by Carrie McEvoy the East by a
couple of lengths the Huracan run with
hearts cry and third Mary Hill sits in
fall towards the inside followed by an
executioner's who has held up step in
loss by Frankie Natori with enforcer the
bat marker they're quite strung out as
they run through the first quarter miles
running down hills Awards swim the
bottom and up ahead is cherry mix that
makes the running American run sister
handy secondly odds-on favorite part I
for Japan in the Yellow Jacket is third
the white face of execution is out wide
of narrow hill in the blue and white
striped cap in the headgear and finally
marketing-wise hitting loss in the rest
we get aboard importer it's a good
gallop as they run into swingley bottom
cherry makes the leader by three lengths
the American run in second place crystal
suniel Kristoff linear in third under
hearts cry followed closely by
electrocution is now taking closer order
under Frankie de Tori getting much
closer followed by Mary Hill and finally
in Porter they begin to race uphill now
towards the final six furlong and cherry
mixes broken loose of the field leads by
four lengths to American run - run in
turn is shadowed by electrocution is
followed by hearts cry then narrow hill
and in fossa as now they race towards
the final five furlongs a pasture five
and race tours before cherry mix skill
clear of her rep and run in second place
electrocution is is following hurricane
runs at every move two and a half
lengths then Tamara Hill House
now back in fifth place and finally in
Forza they're inside the final half-mile
running around the final turn and it's
good open one and two here
cherry makes my electric uses Huracan
one looked in trouble parts fly making
hit way Huracan runs under pressure
against the fence and not much was bots
at the moment and trapped in behind
runners as well they're hot fries
holding em in cherry mixer male
executioner's cry with a run down the
outside of Japan then Harlequin runs for
us struggling to find ways
it's a royal the nearside an execution
you sniffing sniffing oh boy I think
grandpa Japan into debt in for Tamara
hill and cheering me
you